Moe's Tavern. Where the elite meet to drink.
Hold on, I'll check. (TO BARFLIES) Mike Rotch. Mike Rotch. Hey, has anybody seen Mike Rotch, lately?
Listen you little puke. One of these days I'm gonna catch you, and I'm gonna carve my name on your back with an ice pick.
What's the matter Homer? You're not your normal effervescent self.
Homer, hey, you should not drink to forget your problems.
Ah, isn't that nice. Now, there is a politician who cares.
(STRUGGLING WITH CORKSCREW) Crummy right-handed corkscrews! What does he sell?
Looks like this is the end.
Here you go. One beer, one chocolate milk.
Oh.
What's the matter, Homer? The depressin' effects of alcohol usually don't kick in 'til closing time.
Moe's Tavern. Hold on, I'll check. ... (LOUD) Hey everybody! I'm a stupid moron with an ugly face and a big butt, and my butt smells, and I like to kiss my own butt.
Now wait a minute...
Why don't you go there first?
Sorry, Homer.
(TO LITTLE MAN) Come on, Jer. Open up. Be a pal. Remember when I pulled you and your wife out of that burning car?
(TO PATRONS) Figure of speech.
Hiya, Homer. (SIGHS)
Ah, business is slow. People today are healthier and drinking less. You know, if it wasn't for the Junior High school next door no one would even use the cigarette machine.
Increased job satisfaction and family togetherness are poison for a purveyor of mind-numbing intoxicants like myself.
Uh, yeah, sure.
Oh sorry, I forgot we're out of beer.
Yeah, I know, I got behind on my beer payments. The distributor cut me off and I spent my last ten grand on the "Love Tester".
You're too late, Homer. Barney sucked it dry. Cut his gums up pretty bad.
Take it easy, Homer. I learned how to make other drinks at Bartender's School.
(UNFAMILIAR) Gin and... tonic? Do they mix?
Sorry, Harv.
Whoa, sounds like one hell of a drink. What do you call it?
Okay, why don't you make us up a couple of "Flaming Homers"?
Uh, let me check the lost and found.
What do we got here, Bowie knife, troll doll, glass eye...
Oh. Here we are.
It's not without its charm.
(SMILING) Whoa! Homer, it's like there's a party in my mouth and everyone's invited.
Hey, buddy. Have one on the house.
Moe! It's called a "Flaming Moe"! That's right, a "Flaming Moe". My name is Moe, and I invented it. That's why it's called a Flaming Moe. What? What are you lookin' at, Homer? It's a Flaming Moe I'm Moe.
A sneeze guard.
Who can say? It's probably a combination of things.
The one that says, "Bartenders Do It 'Til You Barf"?
Oh great! Why don't we fill out an application? (READING) I'll need your name, measurements and turn ons..
You could, but I find this way is much more accurate... and fun.
Minimum wage and tips. (MEANINGFULLY) Of course there are fringe benefits.
An unforgettable weekend at Club Moe.
I like your moxie, kid. You're hired.
Methinks I shan't.
(CUTTING HIM OFF) I'm your man.
Oh yeah? Hey, what's Mr. McStagger really like?
Well, you tell him from me that he makes one great mozzarella stick.
Keep talkin'.
No dice. The "Flaming Moe" is not for sale. Do you know how much of my blood and sweat are in this drink?
(TO HARV) I'm sorry, but the secret ingredient dies with me.
(COVERING NERVOUS LAUGHING) I got hooked on this stuff in the service.
Ah, she left to pursue a movie career. Frankly I think she was better off here.
Oh, hey, hey. Maybe some things are too good to be kept a secret.
Compliments of the house. (WARMLY) One "Flaming Homer".
I doubt it.
(SHOCKED) Are you sure? Cuz once I open the bottle there's no refund.
Hey, Homer. Wanna Duff?
Moe's Tavern. Moe speaking.
Ah, yeah. Just a minute, I'll check. (CALLING OUT) Uh, Bee O'Problem. Bee O'Problem. C'mon, guys. Do I have an O'Problem here?
(REALIZING) Awwww. It's you, isn't it?
Listen you, when I get a hold of you, I'm gonna use your head for a bucket and paint my house with your brains!
Wait a minute. I know that voice.
If it isn't little Bart Simpson! I haven't seen you in years.
Ah, little Bart... we hear all about your monkeyshines.
(CONSPIRATORIAL) Bet you get into all kinds of trouble he don't even know about. Am I right? Huh? Am I right?
(MUSSES BART'S HAIR) (LAUGHS) That's great! Hey, would you sing that old song you used to sing for me?
He's a pip, this one is!
(LAUGHING) Ah, that kid slays me.
Moe's Tavern. Where the peanut bowl is freshened hourly.
(SLYLY) I think I can provide that service. (LOOKING AROUND) Um, uh, Chief Wiggum, could you hand me that little black book?
Pleasure doing business with you, (COYLY) H. S.
(SARCASTIC LAUGH) Okay, ya lucky moron.
Here you go, Homer. A hundred and thirty-five dollars.
Aw, shut up.
Hundred and ten, a hundred and twenty... You lucky son-of-a...
Moe's Tavern, Home of the Super Sunday Brunch Spectacular.
Gotcha ya down for forty bucks. Good luck Your Eminence.
Sorry, Homer, you can't take any more of my money. I'm, uh, outta the bookie business.
(CUTTING HIM OFF) Hey Barney, how 'bout a free beer?
What? Gimme that.
They wanted it more.
What are you so happy about Homer? You didn't win any money.
(SCORNFULLY) Yeah, that's showin' him, Barney. Pit the Elder.
Pfft, the lottery. Exploiter of the poor and ignorant.
(OFFENDED) Before his dog got sick, that "old rummy" used to be my best customer.
Wha...wha... Wait a minute. You went to another bar?
Fudd? I thought they took that off the market after all those hillbillies went blind.
(SADLY) Oh, Homer.
You cleaned me out Smokin' Joe. What's the matter Homer? Cummerbund too tight?
(HITS DRYER) Oh, you stupid dryer!
Pretty slick.
Sorry, Homer. I was born a Snake-Handler and I'll die a Snake-Handler.
Mmmm... no.
(LYING) No, this is... Bo's Cavern.
Stupid Welcome Mobile, I knew it would ruin me.
Hey, just a sec, I'll check. (TO EVERYONE) Amanda Huggenkiss! Hey, I'm looking for Amanda Huggenkiss! Why can't I find Amanda Huggenkiss!
You little S.O.B., if I ever find out who you are I'm gonna shove a sausage down your throat and stick starving dogs in your butt!
Ah-ha, big mistake pal! (TO SELF) I knew he'd slip up sooner or later.
Ah, yes. Rusty and dull.
Barney, don't steal any beer while I'm gone.
Hey, Homer, phone call.
Ivana Tinkle. Just a sec. Ivana Tinkle. Ivana Tinkle. All right, everybody put down your glasses. Ivana Tinkle.
Here you go, Mr. Plow. A beer on the house.
Ah, they shouldn't have been there in the first place. But Homer is a real hero.
(PROUDLY) I think he'll do just fine.
(TO BARNEY) Linda Ronstadt? How'd you get her?
Let's have a minute of silent prayer for our good friend Homer Simpson.
Six seconds.
Hell, no.
(READING) "To Moe -- From Your Secret Admirer."
Oh, God, no.
(SNIDE) Well, well look who it is. Mr. "I don't need alcohol to enjoy life." We hate him, right fellas?
(CHEERY) Hey everybody! Homer's back!
(A LITTLE TOO DESPERATE) C'mon Homer. Do it for your old pal Moesy.
Pipe down, rub-a-dub.
You'll be back. (POINTING AROUND) And so will you... and you... And you!
(LYING) It does. We had thirty thousand here last night. Now play. The audience is gettin' restless.
What?... What am I lookin' at? I don't see nothin'. I'm gonna stop looking soon... What... what, is that it?
Sure, but it'll cost ya.
He is so stupid. And now, back to the wall... (HE STARES)
Hey you can't come in here dressed like that.
Hey, those girls you paid to scream are doing a great job.
(TOO BIG) Hanh?!!!
(FRIENDLY) Hey, Barney, what'll it be?
Here you go.
(QUIETLY) No no, I'll take care of it.
Okay it's over! Get 'em out of here!
(TO BEARS) All right, andalay! Andalay!
No. We're phasing out the games. People drink less when they're havin' fun.
Yeah.
That's the worst name I ever heard.
You're an idiot.
(TO HOMER) Hey, I don't want no people in here with their evils of alcohol rap.
I think you're taking unfair advantage of my generous offer.
Lemme check. (TO BARFLIES) Phone call for Al, Al Caholic. / Uh, Jacques Strap! / Is I Pee Freely here? / Hey, is there a Butts here? Seymour Butts? Uh, Homer Sexual / My Crotch / A Amanda Huggenkiss? / A Huge Ass / "Ivanna Tinkle" / I'm a stupid moron with an ugly face and a big butt, and my butt smells, and I like to kiss my own butt.
Yeah, sure thing, Lenny.
Ow! Ow! Ooh! Ow! A snake in the cash register. (LAUGHS) Great prank, fellas, great. Oh, I'm gonna be sick tonight.
(GENUINELY ENTHUSED) Do I?!
(LAUGHS, PATTING OUT FLAMES) I'm burnin' up, here. Ooh, ooh, taking advantage of my alcohol soaked clothes. (LAUGHS) It's funny and it makes you think.
(SERIOUS) Oh I need some coffee before I black out. Homer, pass me the sugar.
Ooh!
Oh, there's sugar all over the bar now.
How many people want Homer banned from this place for life?
Yeah!
Sorry, Homer. You should have thought of that before you gave me the old sugar-me-do. I'm taking your caricature down from Mt. Lushmore.
And I'm pulling your favorite song out of the juke box.
Yeah, not no more it ain't.
Oh, get outta here, Homer.
Sure, Homer, I can loan you all the money you need. However (HE LEANS IN CONFIDENTIALLY) since you have no collateral, I'm gonna have to break your legs in advance.
Hey, hey! Are you a loan shark? Do you understand how finance works? (HE PULLS OUT A HUGE SLEDGE-HAMMER) Now let's do this thing.
(POURING) Oh, an English boy, eh? You know we saved your ass in World War Two.
That's true.
Hey, hey, no fightin' in my bar.
Hey! If you guys are getting loaded off them fumes, I'm gonna have to charge ya.
Damn Burns... (STEELY-EYED RAGE) Lemme just get one thing.
No. I was the tough kid. Smelly. My shtick was looking into an exhaust pipe and gettin' a faceful of soot. Heh, nobody could do that better than me. Of course, it was kinda hard to think of reasons for me to look in that exhaust pipe every time, but you know, we had good writers. William Faulkner could write an exhaust pipe gag that would really make you think.
Oh no! My favorite aggie!
You stole my bit! You... That's my bit ya... Ya... ooh, ooh, you stole my bit!
Yeah. Luckily, Alfalfa was an orphan owned by the studio.
(LYING) Oh, it is. It is. Just, uh, pull them stools up to the pool table.
Everybody is goin' to family restaurants these days. Seems nobody wants to hang out in a dank pit no more.
Uh, maybe I am.
(LOST IN THOUGHT) Yeah. Family restaurants. That's where the big bucks are. I could turn this joint into a place where you wouldn't be ashamed to bring your family, huh?
Hey, put a coaster under that.
So come on. I need a name that says friendly, all-American cooking.
Nah. I want something that says people can have a nice, relaxing time.
(SNAPS FINGERS, INSPIRED) Hey, how about Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag?
Oh boy. The deep fryer's here.
I got it used from the Navy. You can flash-fry a buffalo in forty seconds.
G'on, take it all. Get it all out of here.
Nah. Too many bad memories.
(CHEERING UP) Yeah. Yeah, you know, that actually makes me feel a little better.
What?
Gee, business stinks tonight. Where's Barney, Lenny, and Carl?
(SOTTO, LOOKING AT HOMER) Eh, might as well close the dump.
Aw, the little cutie wants to do something cute... (TO BARFLIES) Shut up, ya bums, shut up! Go ahead, angel.
(SLOW & HORRIFIED) Good God. (TURNS TO HOMER) Homer, y'know I support most any prejudice you can name, but your hero-phobia sickens me. You and your daughter ain't welcome here no more. Barney, show 'em the exit.
(UNDER HIS BREATH) "Evil blood-thirsty pirate"... Hello, Town Jubilation Committee? I got something that's going to make you a lot less jubilant.
Moe's Tavern.
Oh, so you're looking for a Mr. Smithers, eh? First name, Waylon, is it? (SUDDENLY VICIOUS) Listen to me, you... when I catch you, I'm going to pull out your eyes and shove 'em up your pants so you can watch me kick the crap out of you. Okay? Then I'm going to use your tongue to paint my boat.
Uh, yeah, I need someone to help me with the midnight beer delivery. Your job is to distract Barney until it's safely off the truck.
Oh,... my... God!...
Twenty-five? (LAUGHS) Whoa! Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. S., but you know, I gotta check everybody.
(ON PHONE) Ura Snotball?
Say, ah, Barn. Remember when I said I'd have to send away to NASA to calculate your bar tab?
(DEAD SERIOUS) The results came back today.
(READING) You owe me... 70 billion dollars. (BEAT) No, wait, wait, wait... Oh, that's uh, for the Voyager Space Craft. (BEAT) Your tab's 14 billion dollars.
(CONSIDERING) Well, that's halfway there.
(MUFFLED) I'm behind three inches of bullet-proof glass. Do your worst.
No! Stay outta there! Stay outta there! Aw, Good God, no!!
Come back here, you stinkin' -- (LOOKS AROUND, A BIT CONCERNED) Hey, I wonder how much air is in here.
Ya know what really aggravazes me, is them immiggants. They want all the benefits of livin' in Springfield, but they ain't even bothered to learn themselves the language.
Eh, you said it, Barn.
Fun's over, fellas. If you're gonna beat up my friend in my bar, there's a two-drink minimum.
Jeez, Homer, I never seen a guy stand up to that kinda punishment -- I mean, you took a three-man poundin' and didn't ever fall down.
(EXCITED) There ya go! That's the spirit! Homer, I seen prizefighters couldn't take a punch half as good as you! (GETTING A BIG IDEA) Y'know, boxing might be right up your alley!
Aw, please, it's the good life, Homer. Some of these boxers, they eat steak and lobster and salad bar all in a single meal!
Their choice.
Well, I dunno, are you man enough to test every one of your limits?
And are you man enough to throw a punch, should the opportunity arise?
("THE CLINCHER") And are you man enough to give me a sixty percent cut?
I'll take it!!
Now, Homer, if I'm gonna manage your boxing career, I wantcha to have complete faith in me. C'mere, lemme show ya somethin'...
Yeah, well, when I realized we hadn't had no ladies in here since 1979, I turned it into an office.
Yep. They called me "Kid Gorgeous." Later on, it was "Kid Presentable." Then "Kid Gruesome." And finally, "Kid Moe."
Aw, that -- that's my old spit bucket. Yeah, I been meanin' to empty that out.
Yeah, he was my manager. Back when I was gorgeous, everybody wanted a piece of me. But somehow I just never made it to the big time.
'Cause I got knocked out forty times in a row. That, plus politics. You know, it's all politics...
Okay. You're fighting a guy named Boxcar Bob.
Uh, no. Not yet. He still lives at the train yard. But he's a hungry young fighter. In fact, he's actually fighting for a sandwich.
Homer, I want you to have my lucky mitts. I hope you do better with 'em than I did.
Aw, that's the barbed wire. Heh. We, uh, we called that "The Stinger." They... they don't let you use that no more.
Now, no matter how much he hits you, you don't do nothin', okay? You don't wanna get drawn into a boxing match here.
Okay, Homer, he's tired! He's tired! Now's your chance! Nudge him! Nudge him!
(AWED) Lucius! Hey, what's a glitterati like you doin' in my dump? I--I thought you were managing the Champ.
Uh, what?
Oh, oh, man. Yeah, well, who's donatin' his body for that one? Huh?
(INCREDULOUS) Homer? You want Homer to fight Tatum?
Yeah. But Homer's no boxer, he-- he's just a freak. Tatum'll fustigate him!
I gotta be honest with ya, Homer. I didn't bring you up here to show you my new tar-paper.
No. Homer, how would you like to be Heavyweight Champion of the World?
Great. All you gotta do is fight Drederick Tatum. It's this Saturday. Here's your parking pass.
(EVASIVE) Uh, you know what? I'm gonna have to check on that...
Okay, but the last guy who charged a drink to Burns turned up in a landfill.
I'm a well-wisher, in that I don't wish you any specific harm.
Another Duff, Homer?
Uh, sure, sure.
Uh, here you go. Düff. (DOOF) From Sweden. (NERVOUS CHUCKLE)
(NASTY LAUGH) Ah, ha ha, you got me, didn't ya? (HANDING HOMER A BEER) All right, here you go -- "Red Tick Beer."
Just a second, Homer, you gotta take a breathalyzer test before I let you drive home.
So, uh, who are you guys anyhow?
(EDGY) FBI, huh? Uh, S'cuse me.
Here you go, Homer.
(GENEROUSLY) Aw, Homer. You know your money's no good here.
Hey, wait a minute -- this is real money!
(HANGING UP) Well, Homer's out. We gotta find a new General Ambrose Burnside.
(NOT SURPRISED) Where ya been, Homer? Entire steel industry's gay.
Yeah, aerospace, too. And the railroads. And ya know what else? (NODS KNOWINGLY) Broadway!
Oh, it ain't no mystery -- whole modern world got a swishifyin' effect on kids today. And their MTV's and their diet sodas ain't gonna set 'em straight neither. You gotta do it yourself, Homer. And you gotta do it fast.
Well, lessee now... uh, time was, you'd send a boy off to war. Shootin' a man'd fix him right up. (MAD) But there's not even any wars no more thank you very much Warren Christopher!
Hey, he's right, Homer. After the boy bags a deer, all the diet sodas in the world won't turn him back. Then you just sit back and watch the grandkids roll in!
Yeah, all right, listen up! This is the busiest drinkin' day of the year. Where are the designated drivers?
Beat it! I got no room for cheapskates.
Hey, Homer, ain't that your kid on TV?
Who wants a bathtub mint julep?
(WRITING) "Barney Gumbel".
Ah, it's a weird world, Homer. As hard as it is to believe, some people don't care for me, neither.
No, it's true. I've got their names written down right here, in what I call my, uh, "enemies list".
Okay, gimme that. Gimme it back!
Well, why don't you invite him over to dinner. Turn him from an enemy into a friend. Then when he's not expecting it, bam! The old fork in the eye.
There's always a first time.
(HURT, TO SELF) She told me she was washin' her hair tonight. (SIGHS) I'm so desperately lonely.
(LOOKING AROUND) Wh... who said that?
But you're dea-d-d-dead. (THREE STOOGES SCARED SOUND)
Hey, I don't need no advice from no pinball machine. I'll have you know I wrote the book on love.
Ahh, kiss my dishrag!
(DEFENSIVE) Hey, I'm sweet. I'm sweeter than Jewish wine.
Uh, usin' the phone's a four-drink minimum.
(ASIDE TO GRAMPA) What's the matter? I'm making as nice as I can.
G'ahead. Give it a try.
It goes by how clammy your hands are.
(EXPLAINING) "Go near Moe." I'd say that's a pretty strong endorsement. So, how about you and me go out sometime? You know, out back.
I mean, uh, out to dinner at a fancy French restaurant?
You did it, Grampa! You really are a love expert.
Wha-- Uh-oh. Here comes the evening rush. Clear out, fellas.
Yeah, all right. Listen up, guys. The Springfield Police have told me that 91 per cent of all traffic accidents are caused by you six guys.
Yeah, I know, I know. But the bad news is we gotta start having designated drivers.
We'll choose the same way they pick the Pope.
Everybody reach in and draw a pickled egg. Whoever gets the black egg stays sober tonight.
Face it, Homer, the car is gone. Barney ain't never comin' back.
(COVERING) Uh, that's a parasol.
Congratulations. Who's the little chick?
(DISPLEASED CHUCKLE) Who are you, sweetheart, the health inspector?
Uh... here, have a margarita.
Ah, sorry Homer, I've been planning this vacation for years. I'm finally gonna see Easter Island.
With the what now?
You got that straight, Barn.
Booze, booze and more booze.
Hey, hold on there! I'm countin' on that.
Geez, this hot-rod is souped up six ways from Sunday. Never had you figured for a gear-head, Homer.
What is that? A six-barrel Hollye carb?
Edelbrock intakes...
Meyerhof lifters...
I made that last one up.
Sounds like you're having a rough Christmas, Homer. You know what I blame this on the breakdown of? Society.
Nah, he's right, Homer.
Yeah, she's quite a gal.
So this was all a scam. (DISGUSTED) And on Christmas.
Hi. How you folks doin'? I'm Moe. Or as the ladies like to call me, "Hey you, behind the bushes." (TAPPING MIC) Uh, is this thing on?
(CLEARS THROAT) And now, without further Apu...
...the last angry clown, the man who spews truth from every orifice, ladies and gentlemen... Krusty!
Yeah. Big deal. You got a wife. I got a rash. Who cares? (OFF HOMER'S HURT LOOK) Ech, I'm sorry, Homer. It's just, it's been four years since my last date with a whatchacallit, uh, woman.
Ah, she got homesick for her old life, diving for tourist pennies in a Micronesian swamp.
Yeah, I don't blame her. (LOOKING IN MIRROR) No girl wants to end up with a Joe Puke-pail like me.
(SNORT) Yeah, well, uh, how come I ain't fendin' off movie starlets with a pointy stick?
Yeah, I wanna send her two dozen roses. And I wanna put something nice on the card, like, um, "Renee, my treasure..."
Shut up, or I'll ram a stool down your throat! Ah, nah, nah, no, I don't want that on the card... Well, lemme hear how it sounds... Nah, nah, take it out. Take it out. And charge it to my Players Club card... Maxed out?
Look, I really need these flowers, okay? I got a real tenuous hold on my girlfriend here... Hello? Hello?
(SIGH) Well, that's it. It's all over. Renee ain't gonna wanna hang around with no Joe Pinchpenny.
(THINKS FOR A BEAT) Hmmm... I need cash, and lots of it. Um, all right, everybody, I'm calling in your bar tabs.
Ya bunch of ungrateful ingrates! Ya--
(DISTRAUGHT) Ah, Homer, what am I gonna do? Renee's my last chance for true love.
Nah, my car ain't worth nothin'. (GETTING AN IDEA) But it is insured... For five grand... Homer, I need your help. You gotta steal this car and wreck it for me.
C'mon, Homer! I'm one of your dearest friends! When everybody said you were too drunk to drive that time, who gave you your keys?
Okay, here's the plan. (PLACING ON BAR) This model car represents my car, huh? And this olive is you. Now...
Hey! Hey! Aw, that's great. Now the car's gonna have to represent you, and, uh, this little toy man will represent the car.
All right, forget it!
Listen up, here. Tomorrow night at eight, you go down to the waterfront and you "steal" my car.
That's the beauty part. Every cop in town's gonna be on the Police Department's Moonlight Charity Cruise. And I'm gonna be right there with 'em.
Righ-- No, no. Wrong. Listen. While I'm on the boat with the perfect alibi, you steal my car, and park it on the railroad tracks. Then when the 10:15 train comes along...
WHAM! The insurance company pays off five thousand clams. I keep showing Renee the sweet life.
... So like a coward I let Homer take the rap for the whole scam. And now the only way to clear him is to turn myself in.
Yeah, you're right. You shouldn't be wasting your time with a low-life like me.
Yeah, that's true. That's true, baby. Hmf, it'll be hell being locked away from ya, but I guess I gotta take my medicine. (SUDDEN THOUGHT) Unless... Unless, I send a letter to the police clearing Homer...
(EXCITED) Then we go to the graveyard and steal two corpses...
(ON A ROLL) We-we-we switch clothes with them, leave 'em in the bar. Then we pour some brandy around. Like so...
Uh, yeah. Here ya go.
...Then we light a match...And FWOOOF! We start a new life in Hawaii.
Where you goin', baby? You goin' to find the corpses?
Uh, well, you want me to come with? Renee? Dearest? (BEAT, THEN REALIZING MOAN) (SIGH) She ain't comin' back.
(YELP OF PAIN) Ow.
(HORRIFIED SCREAM) Uh-oh.
Homer! Thank God, you gotta help me here!
Eh! That's it! You're going down, pal!
Oh, boy... Uh, I really wanna sleep...
Oh, Homer, I been the world's biggest rat. Can you ever forgive me?
(WATCHING FIRE) Aww! Ah, my poor bar. It's all gone. (QUIET SOBBING)
Well, I'm not gonna let anything happen to my two best customers. I'm joining too.
"The Deer Hunter?" Uh... hah... That reminds me.
So Lenny, let's say you pull a thorn out of the Pope's butt and he grants ya one wish. What'll it be?
Eh, gee, I was gonna say a night with Joey Heatherton. But an ironed shirt... Damn! That's tempting.
(WIPING GLASS) So how about you, Barn? One wish?
Oh, you, you mean like the time Barney beat up George Bush.
Hey, how did they finger Charlie? Somebody musta ratted him out.
Ah, gee, you're kinda all over the place there, Homer. You need to focus here. You gotta think hard and come up with a slogan that appeals to all the lazy slobs out there.
"Can't someone else do it?" That's perfect!
Yeah. Now get out there and spread that message to the people!
Whoa, whoa, hey, you didn't pay for the beer.
(BIG KNOWING LAUGH) / Very good.
Seriously, gimme the money.
Ooh. Yeah. And then what happened? Omit no detail, no matter how small or filthy.
Okay, I think we've been polite long enough here. Lenny, what happened with the dame and the bathing suit?
(UPBEAT) Ah, morning, Homer. Ah, you're looking unusually focused this morning.
Well, somebody's a Grumpy Gus. What's--
Ooh! (PEEVED) Ah, for crying out loud. (GASP)
So, I'm in the grocery store the other day buyin' some cotton balls...
(PROUDLY) Youuu got that right, my friend!
So, I round the corner and head down the ointment aisle, when who should I spot? None other than Kent Brockman!
Oh, what? I suppose you've seen a bigger star?
(DISMISSIVE NOISE) Aw, yeah right. You ain't seen nobody.
Well, I gotta hand it to you, Homer. You're really brave to go through with this operation.
Nah, nah, no. Makin' polenta, that's a procedure. You're talkin' about deadly, life-threatening surgery, here.
Listen, I'm just gonna get right to the point, here. Can I have your buttocks? I mean, if you die. They look pretty comfortable.
(EYEING HOMER'S ASS) Oh yeah, that would look so good on me.
(HOSTILE) Hey Homer, I told you not to come 'round here no more till you paid your tab. Or at least cleaned up that mess you made in the bathroom. Now y--
(TURNING ON A DIME) Mayor Quimby?! Homer, why didn't you say you was with the mayor?
Shove off, puke-holes. Get out of there! These stools are reserved for the mayor and his cronies.
Heh. Here's a couple of Düffenbraus, on the house, of course.
Oh yeah, yeah, right. Health inspection. That reminds me. (CHUCKLES)
(STAGEY) Your change, sir.
We're workin' on that roach situation, I swear to God.
Yeah, that sniper at the all-star game was a blessing in disguise.
(HURT SIGH) Nobody touched my rumaki.
(SCORNFUL) Bye weeks. Bronco Nagurski didn't get no bye weeks. And now he's dead. (RECONSIDERING) Well, maybe they're a good thing.
(EXCITED) Oh, absolutely. My favorite team's in it: the (RAISES GLASS IN FRONT OF MOUTH) Atlanta Falcons (LOWERS GLASS). Yeah, ever since I was a boy, I've always loved the (RAISES GLASS IN FRONT OF MOUTH AGAIN) Atlanta Falcons (LOWERS GLASS).
So, uh, what kind of adventure you gonna be involved in tonight, Homer?
So they really based that Homer Simpson character on you, huh?
Ooh, there it is!
Yeah, come on, dum-dum, do something unintelligent, there.
Ooh. I don't think he'll be, doin' no encores for a while. (LAUGHS)
Drinking will help us plan.
(AMID MEN'S REACTIONS) You got that right!
The gal I'm stalking had me bumped back to two hundred feet.
Aw, geez, he's got everything but the Shriners.
So, uh, you guys are Eurotrash, huh? How's that, uh, workin' out for ya?
Uh-huh. So, ah, where might this sea be located?
Nothin', nothin'. Just gimme a priceless sketch with a certificate of authenticity.
Yeah, nice try there, Twelve-Step.
Homer, get outta here.
Hey, thanks.
Ow! God, my eye! Ow! Get it out! Geez! Ow!
Don't pull! Don't pull! I said don't pull! Don't!
(CLEARS THROAT) "You have been chosen to join the Justice Squadron! 8 a.m. Monday at the Municipal Fortress of Vengeance." Oh, I am so there!
(WALKING UP) All right, it's closing time. Who's paying the tab?
If that's Homer then... who the hell's been putting beers on his tab?
Yeah, thanks. It's just past the end of the bar, (POINTS AT HOMER) next to the heavyset guy.
All right, take it easy. Take it easy. I'm just saying you ain't no, uh, Tommy Tune.
I-- Your what now?
Hey, a duel? I, ah-- Isn't that a little extreme? Here, here, have a free beer. (GIVES HIM ONE)
Yeah, I ain't never been slapped with no duelin' glove before, either.
Geez, Homer. I never seen you so depressed. As your life partner, I'm very worried.
A shreda what? Uh, sorry, I was countin' the cocktail radishes.
(COUNTING RADISHES) Now where was I? Uh, two... three... Three radishes. Three big radishes.
How 'bout Tuborg? The beer of Danish Kings.
Now, you know I can't sell you no beer till two P.M., on accounta it's Sunday.
Sorry. Two P.M. (JOKING) Or you can steal a boat and sail out to International Waters.
No, the ocean. Once you get twelve miles out, there's no laws at all. That's where they held the Tyson/Secretariat fight.
Oh, boy! (SIGHS)
(EXCITED) Oh, boy! Move over liquor license.
Yeah, yeah, I've been meanin' to get that updated, uh, for this state, and real. Now let's see the poster boy for the new Moe-lennium.
They put a sticker over my face!
Hey... Viva la... Kiss... What...
Ah, for the love of Jeff!
(SADLY) Am I really that ugly?
(SOBS) Oh my God! It's worse than I thought.
I can't believe they put those stickers over my face. (SIGHS) I must be the ugliest man alive.
Aw, c'mon, look at me. I'm a gargoyle. What, with the cauliflower ear there, and the lizard lips...
("BACK OFF") Okay, I get it. I ain't pleasant to look at.
Plastic surgery, huh?... (POINTS AT FACE) Ah, maybe they could dynamite Mount Crapmore here and carve me a new kisser.
But I'd look good on the outside, right?
Plastic surgery it is!
Carl Carlson, you just saved my life! (SPOTTING SOMETHING) Hey, get out of there!
Whoa, whoa, if you must grope me, ladies, please, a little softer. (CHUCKLES) Okay, now harder.
Ah, I'm a little busy, Homer. Ah, you can pour it yourself.
Nah, it's just as well. That handsome face was nice, but it was too much maintenance. I had to wash it, rub it with neat's-foot oil... You did me a favor, Homer. And to think I was about to sell the bar to Hooters...
Well, I guess that wraps it up. Hey, there's one thing I don't get, though. When my face was crushed, why did it go back to my old face? I mean, shouldn't it have turned into some kind of third face that was different? Heh. Don't make no...
Refund? Hey, sounds good to me.
Tax hike?! Hold the phone, Mabel!
Hey, Barney. What's with the glum face? You glum or somethin'? Huh, Glummy?
But we did have a shindig for ya, Barn. We even videotaped it. Look.
(QUIETLY TO SELF) Oh, that's it, baby. All for Moe. Oh, yeah. Work the slot. Show me the package.
(EMBARRASSED) Whoa, tha... (LAUGHS) that, that's a project I'm working on. Sorry.
And I got ya helicopter flying lessons. (TO BARFLIES) Can you imagine this boozebag at the wheel of a whirlybird?
(LAUGHS) He'd be all "Look at me! I'm a tanked-up loser in a helicopter!"
(SWEETLY) Ah, anyway, Happy B-day, punkin.
Oh, sounds like a certain loser could use some tanking up.
Hey, hey, where ya goin'?
Wait, that ain't funny. He's my best customer.
Well, the handwriting's on the wall. To stay afloat, this bar's gonna have to go queer.
(CALMLY) I knew you'd be back.
(TO SELF) Santeria, you're the greatest!
Hey, Homer. (AS HOMER SITS) Ah, no, no, no, don't sit there. Take this seat, right next to the tap.
Hey, every bar needs a world-class drunk.
See, Homer? It's not so bad. (THEN MEAN) Now dance, rummy!
Aw, that's okay, Barn.
Well, that would explain the drop-off in play.
(LOWERING BINOCULARS, SINISTER) Nobody gets away from Moe. Nobody!
Homer, ah, booze is on the house, seeing as how Lisa is, ah,... how do I put this... uh, ridin' the midnight train to slab city.
Well, I ain't never said no to a dead girl yet.
Well, if Mr. X were here right now, I'd buy him a tall frosty.
No.
No, I tells ya.
(WARILY) I dunno if I want you in here no more, Homer, uh... I got a lotta secrets I'd prefer to keep clandestine. Terrible, disturbing secrets.
Chewin' stuff?!
(SATISFIED) Oh, oh, right, okay.
(SHOCKED) Are those ears?!
And I was a lot happier before I knew Dame Edna was a man. A lot happier.
Power off, Einstein.
So whaddaya want here? Uh, Appendectomy, lipo, or (EXCITED, SELLING) the "sampler"? That's very popular.
No problem. (ART CARNEY ARM FLOURISH) The ol' Crayola oblongata.
All right, tell me when I hit the sweet spot.
All right, all right.
(ALMOST THERE) That's pretty dumb... But uh...
Perfect.
And stay out!
Get out and take your Sacajawea dollars with you. I'll give ya till "three."
(COUNTING) One...
Hey Homer, who's the manatee?
Ooh, sorry. Ah, lemme buy ya a drink.
(LAUGHS, PATS WALL) Ah, these, aah, they're just painted on, there. Your choices are beer and, ah... (SCANNING BAR, SEES JAR) egg soakin's.
Oh, now he's raggin' on air conditioners.
They bought 'em a year ago, from the Mafia. It was the last of the family-owned teams.
Haven't you heard? He's the new Homer.
No problem. Just stick the ol' eye-gouger in the pickle brine. That'll keep your thumb fresh and delicious.
Hey, ah, hey, ain't you gonna have a beer?
(SNIFFS) Uh-oh. I smell gangrene. We gotta wake him up.
Yeah, yeah. We all got problems.
Yeah, but they come over here in the wheel wells of Aer Lingus jets.
One beer, comin' up.
Hey, hey. No kids in the bar.
Oh, the heat's been on since them Bush girls were in here.
Really?
(PULLING SHOTGUN) All right. Hand 'em over.
Yeah, I rob now.
Wait a minute, Homer. If it's true, what about all the stuff you weren't around for?
That is the stupidest story I ever heard, and I've read the entire Sweet Valley High series. Ha. I am sick of you drunks and your shaggy dog stories.
Ah, quitcher bellyaching, coffee boy. You're lucky I let ya in here.
You take that back.
(LOWERS GUN) But, can you blame me? Every day it's the same old routine. I serve you drinks, you yak on and on and on, and I never get one stinkin' tip.
What d'ya call this?
Ah, who am I kiddin'? I ain't smiled for real since I nailed that rat with the ice pick. Ha, remember that?
Ahh! How did I lose my passion for the job? When I was in bartending school, I thought I had the world by the jigger.
Ah, I put this up recently, and it's a good thing I did, 'cause it really illustrates my point. (TURNS BACK TO PAINTING) Yep, good ol' Swigmore U.
What's the word I'm searching for? Uh... yeah! (PUTTING ON COAT) A trip to the alma mater might really rekindle my love of gettin' people loaded.
Look, I don't wanna start A tinklin' contest here... (INTRIGUED) or do I?
... And if anybody wants potato chips or anything fancy, tell 'em to go to hell.
Hey, what are you doin'? I gotta pay for that!
(EXASPERATED SIGH) All right, look, I-I gotta go.
Hey, Homer.
(BEING HIT SOUNDS) Hey, Homer stop, stop! It's me! Geez. (TAKES OFF HARDHAT)
My Professor said if I prettied up this dump, it would renew my zeal.
And now, I want you to meet the guy who's gonna help bring Moe's into the twentieth century.
It's a snap when you use Certified Contractors.
Exactly.
Ah, that's okay. It's like my Dad always said, "Eventually everybody gets shot."
Ah, here you go, pal. (GIVES HOMER A BEER)
I gotta tell ya, this is pretty terrific. (LAUGHS) Yeah.
Wow, that's the best book I've ever seen!
(AMAZED) That thing knows me better than I know myself.
Ah, you must be here for the uh, Duff trivia challenge.
Wait, wait, wait, Homer's tryin' to make a guess...
Oh, oh, what are you doing? You're gettin' some kind of booze all over.
Hello? Yeah, I'd like to arrange for an escort please.
To where? How 'bout "Orgasmville"? Hello? Hello?
Uh, hey, how ya doin'?
Yeah, I can't get Artie out of my head. He's like a spy in the house of Moe.
Ah, well if it makes you feel any better, he's probably doin' her right now.
Oh yeah, make me the bad guy.
Is it true that if I kill you I become you?
So how much you lookalikes make? 'Cause some say I look like Macaulay Culkin.
(UNEASY) I gotta admit, I-I'm kinda nervous, here. We haven't seen Barney since they enveloped him.
All right, that's it. Get 'em outta here. This ain't no crow bar.
This is a crowbar!
See? They got the little stools and everything.
What's the matter, Homer? You're drunk but you're not like sloppy drunk.
Look, I, I'm really glad you're off the wacky tobacky.
(CHUCKLES) I was already makin' excuses not to go to your funeral.
(TERRIFIED NOISE) Here-here-here you go, mister.
Watch and learn, ya dinks.
Ma'am.
Hey Marge, uh, you care for a tropical drink?
It's Windelle. I can't afford Windex.
Oh, I cannot listen to this again.
Yeah, a meditative lily-pond, with big beautiful fish that fry up really good.
This'll really help with my speed dating!
(SADLY) I got four hundred nos.
Well, we've all got that voice in our heads telling us to kill. You just have to drown it out.
(SINGS) I'VE BEEN WORKING ON THE RAILROAD / ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY... (THEN) Yeah, that's better.
(GASP) Right away, sir. I-I-I don't want no trouble.
(À LA SIMON SAYS) Up-bup-bup. You didn't say you'd kill me.
Police? Uh-oh.
Oh, wait. It was better the other way.
Now, uh... who's gonna be pickin' up the tab?
(ABSENTMINDED, POLISHING A GLASS) Sure, check in the fridge.
Wait a minute. I'm at work. (GRABS BEER FROM HOMER) Ya gotta pay for it.
I'm afraid so.
Yuh-huh.
(SIGHS) Yeah, I guess I got caught up in all the glitz and glamour.
Homer, I'm so sorry. Have a free beer.
Homer, can you say the alphabet backwards?
Hey, we can't let our friend drive like this. I'm liable, here.
Get his keys!
(SNAPPING) Oh, that's it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You said no fuss.
Uh, I wouldn't eat them peanuts. They're uh, they're spit-backs.
Come on, guys, you gotta stay. Tonight's the big cock fight. Ah-- (SELLING) We can eat the loser...
You could save McKinley.
Yeah, a kid should be real simple to kill.
Yeah, at least you ain't aging six years for every one 'cause of your cow heart.
Ah, well, whenever I gotta know something about a broad, I use this guy.
This detective is unbelievable. He can learn more about a chick by digging through one garbage can than you could from years of intimacy.
Sure. Maybe some day I'll turn into a swan.
(SIGH) Oh, God.
Uh, listen Marge, how can I put this delicately? I don't got enough booze in this place to make you look good.
Marge, easy!
Who's this Burns guy? Somebody you work with?
Well, if this guy's ridin' your rump, why don't you slap him some payback?
Or give him some face time with sweet lady brick. (CHUCKLES)
Okay you filthy booze-bags, it's two a.m. So uh, who's the designated driver?
(VICTORIOUS CHUCKLE) No one's ever won Moe's "Drink A Gallon Of Gin Challenge." And no one ever will.
Ah, life is good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Take your medicine, ya lush ya.
(AMAZED) Singer, artist, composer, director, Talking Head...
Our little hero sure likes Kahlua and Cream.
You heard 'im, fleabag. Get outta my bar, you're unsanitary.
Oh, how precious. The cat's sittin' in my dinner.
No, no, don't get up, sweetheart. I'll just, I'll just pick around you. There we go.
I don't think he's here... hang on, let me check.
Nope. (SHORT BEAT) Whatcha wearin'?
Get in here, boozy. You're late for your drunkening.
Huh. Hey maybe this is a sign. Maybe it's time for me to get out of the alcohol business. Give barber college another try -- and this time I won't join a frat.
Who the hell am I talkin' to?
You wanna know how to make a peach crumble? Kick it in the groin. Ha, anyway, what's goin' on?
That's odd. It's eleven fifteen in the morning and the bar is empty.
Hey, those are my customers-slash-only friends! Where are they getting their beer?
A cooler! I've been replaced by a cooler!
And who could blame 'em?
Eh, no point in mopin' around. I might as well join 'em and have a jolly old time.
Better set the alarm.
You guys mind if I uh... kiss your tummies?
Boy, I'm like a mess here. I feel so lonely without that kid.
(SOBS) It's our song.
(SIGH) If I knew this would take so long, I'd'a put on the TV.
Y'money's on the counter. No tip.
That's why I'm up here.
(ACCUSING) Mrs. Simpson, when you took off, you left a hole in Homer's heart that he's been trying to fill with alcohol for twenty years... (THEN WARMLY) God bless ya.
Just get out this door, rummy, and you're the city's problem. If you make it through the night, you're welcome back.
Wait a minute. How can you arrest Homer? (POINTS TO ARTIE) This guy's the one what done the thing that why you're here for. I'm talkin' malfeasance here.
Well, well look who showed his face. The louse who sold out his only friend. You've got a lot of nerve comin' here... (FRIENDLY) but since you did, what'll it be? First one's on the house.
(HOPEFUL) You know, they say that the love of a good woman can save any man.
Well, if you change your mind, you know where I am.
I'm gonna stop now.
Wine? Jeez. No one ever orders that. Umm...
All I got is this old stuff here. (READING LABEL, CONTEMPTUOUS) Chateau Latour -- eighteen eighty-six? Oh, I should just throw this out.
That'll be four bucks.
Now, in a step I perhaps should have taken initially, let me look up the value of that bottle in this wine collector's guide.
(SOBS) Oh, what have I done? Lemme dry my tears with this lost Shakespeare play.
Where's your wife tonight, Homer?
What? It's 'cause of her I put in a bidet. Well, it's actually just a step ladder by the water fountain.
Hey, look. I've been in the bartender business for a long time alright, I've heard it all.
(SHOCKED) What are you? You're like a monster! That's like the worst thing I ever heard anybody do to anybody. You should be drinkin' watered-down beer in-in-in a chipped glass, on a stool with a nail sticking up.
All right, but I get to poke you with a stick.
(WHILE POKING, FRIENDLY) So, hey, did you see the game last night?
Let's kick this up a notch and get you some wiggle in your lap.
Oh yeah.
Geez, Homer, this guy is bringin' the whole bar down. I finally got Barney back on the sauce. If he doesn't have fun, he could easily slip right back into sobriety.
Homer... this bar's only for real Americans. And people on permanent visas, like me. What? What are you all lookin' at? I'm Dutch. Eh, forget all of you.
Hey, hey, ya mugs. Thinkin' ain't drinkin'!
Here, Homer. Have a big frosty mug of Fuhgetaboutit.
(LAUGHING) Guys, this is Frankie from the Health Department. We go way back. Lenny, you don't have to hide that rat.
When we were kids, our dads used to get drunk and make us fight each other.
That time you blinded me, he gave you a bike. (FONDLY) That sure was a good soundin' bike...
(STUNNED) Oh my God, he's dead.
So, uh, Mr. New Guy. Whaddya think? Is everything... hunky dory there?
(NERVOUS) You gotta be kiddin' me. Like what?
Oh yeah. Uh well, ya see, uh trash day ain't 'til Wednesday... (AWKWARD LAUGH)
Oh man, I can't afford to fix all that stuff.
Aw, nuts. If anybody needs me, I'll be in the john.
It's too late -- I don't got the cash to clean up the bar. From now on, you guys are gonna hafta do your drinking across the street.
Thanks, Homer. No one's ever trusted me before -- except for that one guy who shouldn't have.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, now wait just a minute. One thing Moe Szyslak has never had is a partner. Nor a wife, a friend, a chum, a casual acquaintance, a pen pal, a parrot, a meaningful conversation, a brief hug or eye contact.
I'm just going to call the suicide hotline now. (DIALS) And they've blocked my number! Oh God! (SOBS)
Marge, my customers don't like themselves. Therefore, they seek the darkness.
Look, I like Moe's the way it is, all right? And I ain't changin' it for any dame, skirt, Susie-Q, or face-macer.
(SINGING, POINTS) YEAH WELL THE SIGN STILL SAYS "MOE'S" / SO ENOUGH OF YOUR GUFF
A British whaaa?
Hey, hold the phone. An English Pub, that just might work.
Uh... (AD LIB SINGING) MY BAR COULD BE BRITISH / INSTEAD OF ARM-PITTISH / SO WHY DON'T WE ALL (SPOKEN) Eh, screw it.
Let's get renovatin'.
Thanks.
(IMPRESSED) My first credit card! (FEELING CARD, AMAZED) Wow, the numbers are all bumpy-like.
Hey, hey, hey. No outside suds!
Hiya Homer. / Hi Homer.
Hey, hey, hey! I don't pay you to socialize.
Watch it with the attitude, Mister. You came from my back fat!
You moron! (SIGHS) Why did I ever think I needed a clone?
Oh please, not this again.
Hey, hey, hey, no enjoyin' it!
Well, I got these free tickets to Santa's Village. I know a guy who turns the dead sleigh-horses into jerky and sells it to bars...
Uh, long story. Uh, we were trying to impress some girls -- and things kinda got away from us.
Homer, how'd your right arm get so strong?
Oh no you don't! I just got an idea.
Okay, here comes our victim. Let's bash his head in.
Oh, right. I was thinking of another thing I got goin'.
(RE: HOMER) Hey, are you callin' my life-partner a sissy? 'Cause a hundred bucks says he could whup you in arm wrestling.
Yes! Homer, we make a dynamite team, huh? With your arm, (TAPS OWN FOREHEAD) and my head-gunk, we're goin' right to the top! (HEARS GUN COCKING NOISE) Whoa.
Well, uh... what do you like?
(HAPPILY SINGING TO "HERE COMES THE BRIDE") HERE COMES THE MOE / WITH A PRETTY GIRL / 'CAUSE THESE ARE THINGS THAT HAPPENED / IN RE-AL LIFE
Shut up and hand me more Moe-heads.
Homer, you're doin' great. You're way ahead in the polls... even those negative campaign ads aren't hurting you.
Okay, time for my annual holiday tradition...attempting to kill myself. (SMALL SOB)
What's it say?
Gentlemen, the moment has finally arrived.
I'm rentin' a party bus and takin' all you regulars to Las Vegas.
That's right.
Yeah, well, ya remember that time I tried to hang myself and the rope broke? Well, I sued the rope company and got a huge settlement... and a new rope!
I don't get this. This guy paints his noggin and you guys are ready to buy pants. Meanwhile, I been payin' for that billboard outside for a year now, and it's not yieldin' nothin'!
If you're reading this, I am dead, and you are about to learn the story of my treasure.
-ry of Moe's treasure. Top of Form
It was the first day of summer...
I knew that in order to win her love, I needed to get rid of the human garbage otherwise known as my best friends.
Barney, how do you keep gettin' back in?
I had to get Edna out of Springfield -- make a fresh start in a new town, far away. A place where we can play bridge with our neighbors. And if they're interested in wife-swapping, who am I to say no? I'm just the new guy.
But where would I get the money to start a new life? And then, opportunity strolled right in the door...
(À LA JERRY LEWIS) Coins money gold!
See, this was back before Snake became a notorious jailbird, when he was an idealistic, law-abiding young archaeologist.
Uh, you can't donate that gold to the museum today, 'cause um... uh it's closed, so they can clean under the wangs on the statues.
Love had handed me an awful dilemma. Should I rob this guy or rob him and kill him?
If I couldn't spend the treasure on Edner, I didn't want to spend it. I just sat there playin' our song on the jukebox. One gold--
So what? (POINTS TO BEER) Your beer's German, and the TV's Japanese (POINTS TO TV).
Just this.
(PAINED NOISE, THEN:) God, misfire!
(SCARED) Look Mister, I-I-I don't got the cash. My clientele -- they're all bums. They never pay!
(TOUGH) Homer, the mob is puttin' the screws on me, see. I ain't gettin' killed 'cause you won't pay your tab. Now give me fifty bucks!
(SCARED) Look, all-all-all I got is twenty-five. I swear! I swear!
Okay boys, we're under attack! Let's drive 'em out of town the way we did with the Irish!
Heck no -- I'm challengin' myself with one of these "Sudoku" games.
(SHOCKED) That's how it works? I was just drawin' wangs on the numbers.
The Salvation Army? You got it. (COCKS SHOTGUN)
Okay.
Hey, some things mean more to me than money...
I sure am looking forward to my birthday fishing trip... Well I'll see ya soon, this is Moe, big day... uh, waitin', feeling uh, kind of fragile... Moe, the birthday boy, listenin' for your car... (SOBS)
Moe's Tavern... Who? Where? To what? (MAD) Screw you, snail trail!
Eh, some jerk makin' a prank call with a gag name: "Tom Wolfe."
Wait, wait, wait -- then that guy wasn't squeezin' my 'roids when he invited me to the Wordloaf Festival in Vermont?
Yeah? Well, okay, all right -- but only if you come, huh?
I wouldn't-a had none of this without you, kid.
Hello. Oh hey, Milhouse.
Gee, you're really upset about this Greystash thing.
What'sa matter, Homer? Do you still miss the UPN?
I just had this awful feeling that uh, Homer's in terrible trouble.
Come on, we've gotta go help Homer!
Whoa, whoa, it's really comin' down out there.
Yeah, but then we'd have to stand there while we get the doors unlocked.
Yeah, but still...
What's the matter, Declan? Did a cop give ya a ticket for talkin' like a fruit?
(INCREDULOUS) Whaddaya been sippin' cuckoo juice? Homer's got it made. He's married to one hell of a woman. All I've got is this porn channel I'm too cheap to de-scramble.
What the?! I've been writin' creepy letters to that?!
An action movie where I play the Pope who kills the President?
(QUICKLY) Yeah, I know, it is stupid. I think it could work, though. I even got a title: "Pontiff No Return". I came up with it, but I don't really get it.
Well gee, Homer, you uh, ain't exactly open-casket material yourself.
Oh, you gotta be kiddin' me.
Uh here, use this one.
I was gonna use it to take secret photos in the ladies' turlet. But no dames ever come in this joint!
Sure.
What'sa matter, Homer and Bart?
Well, I'm just the bartender here, (POINTS TO HOMER) but it seems to me you could win Lisa back by appealing to her sense of reason. (POINTS TO BART) And you could win your Mom back by appealing to her feelings.
Ya know, I think I'll volunteer, too.
Well, I assume I'm not the first one.
(AS DENTIST) Okay, this might hurt a little. (AS PATIENT, COTTON IN MOUTH) No problem.
(IN PAIN) Oh, sweet mother of Mary!
It's either milk... or paint.
Oh. Then I'll have to charge you extra, depending on the color. Uh, stick out your tongue.
(HOLDING UP STRIPS) Eggshell? No. Malabar ivory? No. Mediterranean ecru? No. Ah, here it is -- white.
Ooh, that's gonna cost ya.
Huh?
Four "Lobster-politans" comin' up!
Take that, you tow-talitarian!
Look, I was insensitive and I'm sorry. But what this is really about is a bully with a winch.
Was you ever. You came in sayin' you really needed to forget something, so I mixed you up the most powerful drink I got... (DRAMATIC) the "Forget-Me-Shot."
(PROUD) That means it worked. No one ever remembers. That's why I made this video to explain the process.
You start with a splash of Jaegermeister, then add sloe gin, Triple-Sec, Quadruple-Sec, gunk from a dog's eye, Absolut Pickle...
The red stripe from Aquafresh...
And the funniest ingredient... the venom of the Louisiana Loboto-moth.
C'mon, sweetie.
You stir it with a home pregnancy test till it turns "positive"...
And presto: the Forget-Me-Shot.
Aw jeez, I don't look like that.
The point is, this drink is the ultimate brain bleacher. (SLIGHT MENACE) One swig wipes out the last day of your life.
I got just the drink to wipe your mind clean... the "Forget-Me-Shot." (TO LENNY AND CARL) Fellas, if you got anything that you want to say to Homer that he'll never remember, say it now.
I've spit in every drink I ever served you. (SPITS IN HOMER'S DRINK) Bottoms up!
I like you newsies. You really lap up the sauce.
Sure thing, Mouse Pad. Ten bucks.
Knock yourself out.
Who wants to abolish democracy forever? Show of hands.
Yeah... (POINTS TO DOOR) Get out.
All right, I need you to get the rats outta the jukebox, and clean the vomit out of the pool table pockets, and then you've got the job. Oh, and you've gotta share your tips with Manuel, who's actually me with a fake moustache.
(SPANISH ACCENT) Ees good job, you should take it.
Sorry about your ma, Homer.
That's right, my beautiful, beautiful Midge -- (SNEAKY CHUCKLE) Soon you'll be mine.
Oh cheer up, Homer. The drinks are on Lenny.
Uh, I gotta check with Lenny on that. Uh, is that all right, Lenny?
Sorry Homer, but here's a compromise: why don't you both pay for the drink?
(POINTED) And tip.
Homer, shush! (SOTTO) We're watching Krabappel try to break up with Skinner.
Doreen? She's cheated on you with everyone -- well, except for me. And I've showered her with gifts! Fancy soaps and massage oils and uh... what have ya...
Homer, whatever you done to that little girl, you just gotta do something even nicer to win her back.
So the name "Lisa Simpson" is available, huh? (CONSIDERING) Lotta goodwill attached to that name... (NODS) I'm gonna take it.
Lisa's Tavern, Lisa speaking.
Homer, this is serious. This Bashir kid is Muslim, and therefore up to something.
A little dinner, a little dessert, then you Jack Bauer 'em into giving you all their secrets.
What's wrong with your bees, Lisa?
Are you sure?
Okay, okay! (HANDS HER THE KEYS) Don't know why I had 'em in the first place.
Listen Homer, in the back room I got these super-tough Africanized bees. I saw this ad in a gentleman's magazine for excited African honeys, and that's what they sent me. If we could combine them with Lisa's bees, it would make them strong enough to survive any environment.
(GETS IDEA) Actually Homer...
No, the bees!
Got the queen?
Now, let's give them some privacy while they... get down to buzziness. (SLIGHT CHUCKLE)
(SNIFFLES, THEN, IMPATIENT) If they was me they'd be done by now.
Hey, Homer, you wanna try my new Vance Connor-politan? Like Vance, it is smooth, cool and oh-so-sophisticated.
People like Flanders make me sick. If I was Marge's landlord I'd fix her pipes and I'd shower her with flowers and-and take her on a romantic getaway to the South Seas and I... I'd never return.
Well, here's how you get back at Flanders: you go to the media and get them to expose what a horrible person he really is.
Yeah, three times. (UPBEAT) The last one was nominated for a Peabody, whatever that is.
I'm spiffin' up the place! Jeez, can't a guy clean his bar for the first time ever without people makin' polite inquiries?
Huh. I got a window here.
So, uh, I s'pose you guys are still wonderin' why I'm cleanin' the bar.
(CLEARS THROAT) It all began about a month ago...
Okay, she said she'd be here at exactly eight o'clock.
(FURIOUS) You callin' my girl a liar?!
(DEFEATED) Okay.
(SAD) I've been stood up.
(SURPRISED) Oh, you're a little person? (REGRETFUL) I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. What's the correct term?
(PLEASED) Whoa! Look at me bein' polite!
Oh of course, of course. Um, I-I just have to -- I have to tidy up the place! Just one second. (NERVOUS CHUCKLE)
So Maya. Um, you always been this size, or is this like a Benjamin Button deal? (UNCOMFORTABLE LAUGH) No, I mean is, I just...your picture just made you look more... life-sized.
Are you kiddin' me? You're the best thing to come into this bar since cable TV. And unlike cable TV, I ain't stealin' you from the Chinese restaurant across the street there.
Yeah, that's great there, Ling Chow.
So, uh, you still want to go out?
Great. Let me get a car seat.
I took out the passenger seat to save gas. But I'm gonna use it now. 'Cause we're gonna do the town!
Incredible. I've never felt like this before. It's like my heart wants to do her.
(UNEASY) Oh, I can't wait till you guys get to uh...
Let me ask you guys somethin': how would you treat a person who's generally dynamite but uh, in some way... a little different?
Guys, after all the years I've given you advice, now I need a little advice from you.
(DEFENSIVE) You made some good friends, didn't ya?
Tomato, tomahto. Now how am I gonna win Maya back?
But what if it blows up in my face?
What's the matter, Homer?
Yeah, I wish I could say the same.
Hey! Homer was right.
Who'da thought such a little woman could make me feel so big?
I do! / Yeah! / You know it! / Oh boy!
No, oh sure, no, uh no... that's all right.
(SOBS LIKE TEENAGE GIRL, THEN CLEARLY SAYS) If I didn't sell booze, they probably wouldn't even come here. (SOBS SOME MORE)
Aw, c'mon! Get back on your feet! I believe in you!
Not you!
There sure is a lotta talkin' for a professional fight.
(STARTS TO SING SWEETLY) OH WHY CAN'T NO GIRL LOVE A GUY WITH THIS MUG...WHOSE MOTHER DECLARED / YOU'RE TOO UGLY TO HUG...
How 'bout some of my new microbrew?
Must be another mouse in the pipe. Let's see if this cobra solves it.
(TRIES TAP) Nothin'.
(SINGS) JUST ONCE I WISH CUPID / WOULD DRAW BACK HIS BOW / AND SHOOT ME A CUTIE / WHOSE STANDARDS ARE LOW...
(SINGS, SAME TUNE) I'M UNLUCKY IN LOVE / I'M UNLUCKY IN LUCK
Oh my God, Homer! Just try to relax.
Don't relax! Don't relax!
Oh Marge, the most awful thing just happened!
Um... (TO SELF) She's so beautiful. It makes my heart take wing!
Look at me! I can fl-- (ANGUISHED NOISE)
Um, Marge... Homer, uh, just ran out sayin' he don't love you and he never did.
That uh, that's me. I've been taking ventriloquism lessons. (NERVOUS LAUGH)
(LOOKING FOR APPROVAL) Heh? Heh?
Now, let Dr. Moe cure what ails you.
(SURPRISED/THRILLED) It does?
So, I see we're back in business. Now, a little more hemoglobin and your wife will be disrobin'.
So Marge, uh... Homer's been gone a whole week, huh? In an unrelated matter, (SEDUCTIVE) I just put on cologne and shaved my knuckles.
(SHAKES HEAD SADLY) Marge, I've got some bad news to give you.
It's a letter from Homer. On my stationery. In my handwriting. Using my idioms and speech patterns. And it begins, "Dear Midge: you probably hate me by now, and if you don't, what's wrong which youse? But don't give up on men. Bart, Linda and the other one there need a Dad."
Read on. It gets gayer.
("AND MANY MORE") LETTERS DON'T LIE! (SPOKEN) So whaddaya think, Marge? Will you give Moe a throw?
Maybe you need a little more "milk of amnesia."
Dang, I'm missing the secret ingredient! Uh, lemme squeeze some more out of the "Secret Ingredient Bag".
Uh-oh, looks like I gotta wing it a little bit here. The other day I ran into an Irishman. (PRETENDS TO BE SECOND MAN) Oh really? (BACK TO BEING FIRST MAN) No, O'Reilly.
There.
Marge, I loves youse. Will youse be mines?
Before you do, I just gotta warn you, Marge. (SINGS) MY TASTE FOR ROMANCE IS KINDA PERVERSE / I CAN ONLY MAKE LOVE IN THE BACK OF A HEARSE...
PLUS I GOTTA BE DRESSED AS A CIVIL WAR NURSE / AND THEN WHEN I'M FINISHED, I'LL GO THROUGH YOUR PURSE / BUT YOU COULD DO WORSE...
(SIMULTANEOUS) I/YOU COULD DO...
(TO HOMER) Easy there, habitrail.
(PUZZLED) You want to "buy a round?" I heard about that in bartending school, but I never seen it happen.
Oh, this is very good for me. Very good indeed.
Hey, if wishes were horses I'd be eatin' wish-meat every night.
It means it's not like you're gonna break into the prison and bust him out or anything.
Aw hey, c'mon. You can't really be serious about breaking him out.
No, you can still turn back! The point of no return is the whispered huddle.
Oh God, oh God!
Okay, place your bets.
Moe's Tavern, presided over by Moe Szyslak -- handsome, suave, debonair...
Hey, get the camera offa me -- I'm narratin' here!
Anyway, here's my little tale. As the town's bartender, I know everyone's problems. And everyone's got problems -- especially the married ones.
Calm down there, 'Pu and She-Pu. You can use the restroom.
(SYMPATHETIC) Sounds like you had a rough day.
(SLIGHTLY CONFUSED CHUCKLE) Yeah, that's probably a good one. Here, I got somethin' that might cheer ya up.
I got this for women that came to the bar, and Low-Blow Boxing for the guys.
So uh, would you like to cut one? (THEN NERVOUS) I mean a rug. Oh God, I always say the wrong thing.
I was just doin' what comes naturally to me -- being mean to animals.
Well, anyone can get a laugh at the expense of an ugly dog. But crazy beards? That's where the big boys play.
Can you make it sound like girls askin' me?
(DELIGHTED CHUCKLE) Okay, you crazy dames. I'll do it!
Which means this joint is closed for the night.
(SIGHS) I didn't want to have to do this...
Yeah that's right! Scatter, ya cockroaches!
Oh yeah? How 'bout this scary face? (SCARY NOISES)
(SIGHS) Fine.
...I didn't rip out his voice box, but I did stretch out his tee shirt, then they said I ain't allowed back in California no more and I can no longer make judgments about nothin'...
Legally, I can't say.
He seems fine. There is one bright side: I'm also forbidden from ever watchin' Fox.
That's right -- and business has never been better.
Oh hey, how's it goin' there, Mr. Murdoch?
The only thing I know about strategy is that whatever the manager does, it's wrong, unless it works, in which case he's a button-pusher.
(NODS) Uh, the guys in that booth down there.
(ANNOYED) Hey, speaking of stats, I'm none too pleased about your ratio of "seats occupied" to "beers ordered."
(RUEFUL) Why did I advertise my drink specials in Scientific American?
Shut up.
(CONSPIRATORIAL) Uh listen, Homer -- I know a guy who fixes things for folks who need things fixed. But, uh, I can't talk about it here.
Eh, still not private enough.
Eh, this is private, but a little dank.
Homer, what you do is go down to window nine at the courthouse. You slip the guy a hundred bucks and your record is as clean as... (LOOKS AROUND BAR) uh, I ain't got nothin' clean to compare it to.
It was either this or put in a ladies room.
My scotch is a scotch and water.
Yeah. Frankly, I'm surprised you're not across the street where they drink for fun, instead of here, where, uh, horrible addiction compels you.
(INTRIGUED) Uh-huh...
Whoa, whoa, whoa! No offense, uh, but uh, I just ain't comfortable hanging around all night with, uh, y'know whatchamacallit... uh, swishkabobs.
Thank you, but I am very happy with my clientele as they are.
That was my grandmother's wedding urinal! That's it. We are changing this place up.
Whoa, check that out! / Stuff is getting' done! / Look at them renovations! / And... finished!
After this, ain't no turning back.
Boy, I love Valentine's Day. Stir a drop of Jägermeister into some pink lemonade, slice in some strawberry Chapstick, call it "Cupid's Ambrosia," and you can charge up the wazoo.
What are you, crazy? Of course I do. I got a hot date. C'mon, scram, so I can get ready!
I'm tellin' ya, I'm fine. I've never been happier. See?
That's a smile, right? Showin' teeth, eyes all crinkly. (WEAK LAUGH)
(HUGE SOBS, THEN SEES HOMER) Stop opening doors!
Even you let me down, Hitler.
(BIG) Huhza?
I knew my love life was like that movie somehow.
Eh, what have I got to lose? They say for every man, somewhere on Earth there's one woman.
Homer, do somethin' about your dad. He's casting a pall over this grim dungeon full of losers.
(DELIGHTED) Ooh, a text. (CHECKS PHONE) Let's see... Text message for I. M. A. Wiener. (SHOWS THEM PHONE) As you all can see, I. M. A. Wiener!
(REALIZING, TO PHONE) Why you! When I--
When-I-get-a-hold-of-you... oh dammit, I typed an F, not a D. Uh... (RAPIDLY) Delete. Delete. Delete. Delete. Oh crap, I just donated twenty dollars to Haiti!
Uh-huh.
Calm down there, Homer.
What got into him?
Freaky ad campaign they're running.
It's your own fault. You gotta read the coaster.
Yeah, that broad is some dame!
Okay now, don't want no trouble. Let me just get my cash out of my cash drawer here.
Just, uh, linin' up all the Presidents nice and neat... ain't tryin' to be no hero (CHUCKLES)...
(NERVOUS CHUCKLE THEN QUICKLY) Here you go.
(ANGUISHED SCREAM) My fresco! That's coming out of your stealings!
(FURIOUS TO JAILBIRD) That's comin' out of your stealings!
Oh, speakin' of which, let's get these eggs back in a jar.
Wow, that's the farthest that one of my eggs ever made it down someone's throat!
Enjoy. And as for you, Homer, don't worry. You're at Moe's tavern -- lady-free since eighty-three.
That comes in kid sizes too.
I wouldn't join one of your hare-brained schemes for all the Japanese girlfriend pillows in Kyoto!
(DESPERATE) Wait, wait, wait, wait, I want in! What does your crew need? A safecracker? A wheel man?
(SHEEPISH) Well, I don't like to brag about it, but I did publish five modestly successful children's books.
I'm payin' extra for this channel? Hasn't been good since "The Wire." Aw, who am I kiddin'? I never watched "The Wire." Had to bluff my way through so many conversations.
Yeah. I keep meaning to switch things around, but this place is always a crime scene.
Uh...
Well... uh... well, I just made friends with Pepto-Bismol on Facebook and uh... um... (CHANGING SUBJECT) Hey, would ya look at that? There's a spot on the bar!
Come on! (INTENSE SCRUBBING NOISES)
Yeah, yeah, sure thing, I'll get right on it.
No way I would abandon you, Raggie.
(EMOTIONAL SOB) You're my best friend.
So, I guess you didn't eat that "special cheese" that I gave you yesterday, huh? (CHUCKLES)
Homer, show a little more sensitivity around these jobless washouts, huh?
Easy, easy there, Lenny. You can always play it pizzicato.
Boy, this place has gotten so grim. I'm gonna do something I've never done: make myself a drink.
(ARGUING WITH HIMSELF) You call this beer? This is watered-down swill! You got a problem? Well here's the complaint department!
You know what I think, Moe? I think You ain't got the guts!
Missed!
Hey, Homer. I could hear your pathetic rationalizing through the door.
Look, I'd love to discuss your problems but a pack of raccoons took over my back room and today's the day I make my stand.
(STRUGGLING NOISES, THEN) There's more than I thought!
Eh, you know, in this town, you learn to adjust to things. Runaway monorails... NASCAR star Jeff Gordon...
Hey. Bet we never see him again.
Hey, hey, hey, hey! That plank's only for comin' in!
(GENTLY) Try to land on the other traitors.
Hey, Homer... what if you got back one of those samples you sold years ago at the Shelbyville Sperm Bank?
I'll tell you where you should put your money. The one safe place left in this world of woe:
Nah, you don't have to bet the money. The poker website just keeps it nice and safe, where the FDIC can't get its grubby little hands on it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! Don't you badmouth this country. Compared to the rest of the third world, we're doin' great!
Well, well, if it isn't Mr. "Work Comes Before Bowling."
(EXPLAINING) Part of my new rice wine promotion.
So, now you think you can just waltz in here and buy everybody a beer?
(CUTTING HIM OFF) Too late, already poured.
Well, I have no idea what you do or who you work with, but I am sure if you put your foot down on their throats and grind until you hear a crunch, they'll sit up straight.
Oh, hey, listen, I've learned a lot about human nature by watching things through secret cameras.
Or maybe it's groveling that works. Eh, six of one.
What's wrong, Homer? You've got an expression on your face I ain't never seen before. Like one of them Charlie Brown wiggle-frowns.
Eh, well, you can't. Your tolerance is too high.
(LOOKING AT HOMER) You're right. He needs some professional help...
Here ya go, Homer. Boy, y'know, when you're just here alone, I can really smell ya.
So, uh, what are you pullin' the ripcord with?
Huh. Looks like you're really turning somethin' over in your mind there, Homer.
Here you go. Duff Adequate.
Wow, no one's ever been happy in this place before. And when I started it was Moe's Ice Cream Carnival. Not good.
I'll take your money. The tree's a fraud.
(VERY HAPPY) I just got a hundred! The tree is real! (TO BROCKMAN) What you got against hope, anyway?
Thank God there's no alcohol in this bar or this place would really go up.
I don't know. Everything crappy about this place they like! Even the rats!
(MAD) Hey, hey! Read the sign, pal.
"No acronyms!" (TO BARFLIES) And that goes for the rest of you, too!
(PULLS OUT SHOTGUN) In this bar we say "Old Kinderhook!"
Well, Homer's gone. Let's all go into our suspended state till he gets back.
Well, in my case my Mom was hit with a voodoo curse, I gestated for five years, then I popped out backwards and on fire.
(NODS) Keep my tail right here in this jar.
Good times.
Acquitted?! Then my nightmare isn't over? (SOBS)
Hey, you know, it's funny you should mention that. I've been readin' that "Fifty Shades of Grey" and it turns out that what chicks want now is a guy to give 'em what-for in the bedroom there.
Ah y'know, if this is what women like, I should be a lot more popular. But it does inspire me to work on my fan fiction.
"Sheriff Andy took Barney in his arms and kissed him deeply, then said: (IMITATING ANDY GRIFFITH, BUT STERN) 'now if Aunt Bee asks, we were down at the fishin' hole'." (MOE VOICE) I can't be the only one who likes this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Before I let a Holy Joe walk in this bar, I've gotta know which of the two true faiths you represent.
(PULLS OUT A SHOTGUN) That is the wrong thing to say to a snake handler.
Oh, this thing's just loaded with rock salt. I just use it to keep raccoons outta my fridge. And of course to coat the rims of my margarita glasses.
(SERIOUS, SAD) Guys, there's somethin' I wanna tell ya. Somethin' important.
(SADLY MUTTERING TO HIMSELF) Who am I kiddin'? They don't care about me.
Suicide. Finally. I'm really doin' it. No more cries for (LOUDLY) helllp! (NORMAL) 'Cause this time there's no one that's gonna (LOUD) save me! (NORMAL) I mean, it's not like (LOUD) I'm beggin' ya, please, please show me some love! (QUIET) Yeah, it's nothin' like that. (SMALL SOB)
Eh, maybe I should call. Give one of the new kids a chance to talk to the legend.
(THOUGHTFUL) Nothin' to live for.
No! I got nothin' and no one!
(SOBS) No! No! Help me! Help!
I just wanna talk to a human being!
That tears it! No more delays!
(VULNERABLE) Hello?
Moe-ron? (REALIZING) Moron! It's you, you little puke... I am gonna tie a rope around your neck and hang-- (CHOKING NOISES)
I'll show you who's a... (DYING) moron.
(SINGING) BREAKING US DOWN...
(SINGING) WHEN THEY ALL SHOULD LET US BE... WE BELONG TO YOU AND ME...
(SINGS) I BELIEVE IN YOUSE... (SITS UP) you guys, you saved me! You do care!
Some jerk.
And I really wanna thank you all. You gave me a new lease on life, and I'm gonna take this opportunity to...
(SIGHS) What's the point?... same ol' stinkin' world... ah, this post-suicide afterglow gets shorter every time!
(EMBARRASSED) I... uh... may have tried to end it all. Wasn't even good at that.
Excuse me, will you? (CHOKED-UP NOISE)
(REENTERING) Oh, that, hey, that's really sweet. Hey, can Noosey come too?
Four guys, a chick and a noose. Just like the movies I like to watch.
This dump is too filthy for a man with a positive worldview. I'm gonna start cleaning!
(GROWING EXCITEMENT) Dirt... carpet... another layer of dirt... Congoleum... hardwood?! The perfect floor for doin' a happy jig!
And now to light up the sign and let the world know that the new improved Moe is open for business.
Wow, non-losers?! I Never thought I'd see the day... Gentlemen, what can I getcha?
Well, I do have this bourbon that I brewed myself. It'll either be the best thing you ever had or the last thing you'll ever have.
(EXCITED) Tell me more!
Just the one, but I could whip up two or three hundred thousand more.
This is all so sudden.
Now it's not. I'm in.
(TO RAFTER, COMFORTING) Not today, old friend. But don't worry, holidays are just around the corner.
Homer, I recommend getting drunk on my most expensive beer: Duff Platinum.
What the? But I used the best label paste.
Hey, come on, there's sexy bald like... uh... Babar, king of the elephants. I read his books as a kid. (CONFIDENTIAL) He married his cousin, Celeste. (BEAT) That was my takeaway.
Well, let me see how bald you are.
(CAN'T-BELIEVE-HOW-BALD-HE-IS NOISE) Dear Lord. Here. You need this more than I do.
Just what exactly is this good for?
(WORRIED) So you didn't buy our weekly ticket?
Yeah, I always go with three -- the number of brothers and sisters I, uh, "Hunger Games'd", in the womb.
That's two hundred grand! That's fifty thousand bucks each!
And Lenny, you get the drinks!
Oh, no, ah, that's just gasoline and hot dog water.
Oh... I guess Carl ain't back yet from cashin' in the ticket.
I'm glad we're the kind of people who are worried about Carl's safety instead of thinking that he ripped us off.
Yeah, good old Carl.
(TENSE) Good old Carl's phone went straight to voicemail. Again.
Hey, hey, get that outta here! I don't ever want to see that moolah-stealing jackpot-thief again!
Try this.
Glad you're back, buddy. You've got a lot of catching up to do.
Water?! That stuff killed my grandmother!
So sad.
(UPSET) Hey, hey, hey! (NO RHYME) This is supposed to be a children's story!
(TO KIDS) Go grab all his money and vodka and gin. And I'll knit a nice thnord from his leathery skin.
Whoa. She has crossed a line. How did you find out?
What? That's crazy! Come on, you work your butt off in a radioactive hellhole, and what do you get? Not one lousy superpower!
Whoa-ho, bad idea! No, no. Chicks do not like finding out they're being spied on. I speak from looooooooooooooooooong experience. Now, you gotta make it seem like you found out by accident there. (SNAPS FINGERS) Ooh! Next week youse schedule an appointment with the therapist, after hers, and then you "bump into" Midge in the waitin' room, there.
Pretty much all my friends are divorced guys.
Yeah, Channel Six tip line? I just caught two senators doin' it in the alley. And me? I'm just a reliable source. Not "sauce," "source"! Source! "S-A-U-R-C-E"!
Oh damn, the plaster's flaking again.
Hey guys! Lay off Homer!
Now you quit stallin' and call your daughter like a man!
Uh, hello? Oh, sure, Liser, your Dad's right here.
Eh, welcome fellow barkeeps, gin-slingers, and beer-jerks.
(GRIM) We are all here because drinkin' in our bars is down. Mom and Pop bartenders can't compete with big box stores like Booze Barn and Hooch City.
Thanks, Cap. Now what I'm proposing is a superhero pub crawl. Our clientele dress up in costume and go drinking from bar to bar. Their masks make 'em feel uninhibited, and invulnerable.
Yeah, and that's not all. Why don't you tell 'em about it, Moe?
Yeah, you got it, Moe. (SHUTS OFF TV) We can make up superhero drink names and charge 'em double. Like, uh, Nick Fury, Agent of Schnapps; Sex in the Batmobile; and the Wolveriskey! 'Ere, check out my uh, portfolium here.
So, uh, your boy's got magic knock-up powers, huh?
Not so fast.
Nobody comes into my bar and kidnaps two paying customers.
(LOWERING SHOTGUN) Take 'em! Take 'em! Fill their pockets with corn and toss 'em to the pigs.
An eighty-five yard field goal? You gotta be kidding me! Refresh! Refresh!
Yeah. It was really hard for me to make this place look old but not in any way comfortable. Now maybe some TV'll cheer ya up.
Uh, listen there, Midge. I know how to get youse outta your contract. But I gotta warn ya...
You will never work in the fast-food industry again.
Hey, Hibachi head. How're you gonna pay for that?
Hey, this Blade Rummy is all right! He's a big spender, plus he fixed the jukebox. (GOSSIPY) I think they had a thing going.
Man, those things go off quick.
Few people know that verdict was overturned in the sequel. Heh.
(SAD, SINCERE) Yeah, last year I broke it just so the repairman would come. But I'll be fine.
Oh, yeah, yeah. (SOBS) Super. (LARGE SOB)
It's just that... you know, I lost my ma at Christmas.
She took me to a mall and I never saw her again. But I'll never forget that image of her bolting for the parking lot.
(TOTALLY CALM) Oh great, great. But don't do it out of pity. (SMALL LAUGH)
Pity! Pity! Have pity! Look, I'm wrapped around your leg here!
Please! Please! Please!
Now I'm sittin' on your shoulders! Please!
(SING) SI-LENT NIGHT / HO-LY NIGHT
(HAPPY) I'm happy on Christmas Eve. And for once it's not 'cause some drunk left a wallet on his stool.
(CHUCKLES) And now, Homer, it's only fair that I give youse a gift: I'm gonna set the clock in the bar to the correct time.
Whoa, whoa, whoa it's the night before Christmas! Stop stirring, you!
(SINGS) GOOD KING WENCESLAS LOOKED OUT ON THE FEAST OF...
Oh my God! Santa brought me just what I asked for!
(THOUGHTFUL NOISE, THEN RE: HOMER'S WEIGHT) Two thirty-nine. Who's he foolin'?
You know, as long as we're opening this up and I'm glad you are, I wanna tell you guys that when you call me a gargoyle, a troll, or a homunculus, it kinda hurts my feelin's.
Ya see, that's what I'm talkin' about. Because--
(RELAXED) Ah, the first pour of the day. Let me just tie on my apron, limber up the ol' tap-pullin' arm...
...So Sideshow Mel is drinkin' here all afternoon. When I show him the tab, he says he left his wallet in his other skirt, and he pays me with this!
Geez, now I wanna go!
I can't close down the bar on a Saturday. That's when you guys can drink 'cause you're not workin' for three days.
Huh... well, okay. Uh, let me just show you where everything is... (QUICKLY POINTS TO ITEMS) shotgun, shotgun shells, blood mop, bag of lime -- and that's it. Now boys, I gotta get dressed for the, uh, (HIGH-FALUTIN') "theatah"!
And done. (EXITS)
Yep. Nice and cozy and... (BIGGEST EVER) Whaaaa?!
My craphole! My precious craphole!
(DAZED) This is nuts!
Tell me you still work, Love Tester!
(MOAN) I'm ruined!
You guys cost me my chance with a woman of a certain age! (HEAVING SOBS)
You are not my friends. To me you're just mouths drinkin' beers!
Yeah, I-I'm sorry for snappin' at you guys. But, but I'm ruint. (SMALL SOB) I-I'll have to live on my savings here.
All right, who rubbed my nickels?!
Ummmmmmmmm... ehhhhhhhh... errrrrrr... ehhhhhhhhh... ehhhhhh sure.
Yeah, how far do they go back?
Kay, I'm gonna apply in a week.
Yeah, I figured out that the best way for me to get along with most people is to be kept behind a two foot chunk of solid oak.
Why youse! Correcting me on my knowledge of wood products!
Well, I'm back where I belong, eh?
(TERRIFIED) What the Hell was that?!
Really? Tell me something: I've heard that Queen Elizabeth in person is actually not that funny.
Wow, Africa. I had a good friend who really wanted to go there. So, uh, you speak English there?
(SNORTS) Nobody does.
Eh... which means what?
(CHUCKLES DESPITE HIMSELF) That's pretty good there, but don't expect me to bow and scrape. Well, I'll give you one scrape.
Yeah, that's it, Majesty. Notice I didn't say "your."
(STUNNED) Nigeria?
(REPRESSED RAGE) Homer, can I speak to you in private?
Eh, you gotta be mad at something.
Yeah, I did. I was sure the guy was on the level because of his bad spelling and grammar.
Now, guess how much of the twenty million I saw?
Ze-ro.
(THEN) If Kemi there is a Nigerian princess, her brother just might be the Nigerian prince that took my money!
And she trashed my bar! (LOOKS AROUND) Oh no, wait. She actually cleaned up a little. Good for her.
(MUMBLING) This is terrible. Can't think of anything to mumble to myself. That's how upset I am here.
(PLEASED) Really?
I see.
Does he have a computer?
Yeah, so all my money's tied up in this jernt. Can't even afford elocution lessons to teach me how to pronounce (OVER-PRONOUNCING) "joint." I guess I could do it online, but what's the pernt?
What's so funny?
(LAUGHS) Usually people that tease me get thrown out on their ass. But, uh, your sayin' it made me feel good. Jeez, I sound like one of those guys in theM rom coms that play at the theater next to the theater I'm in.
So, uh, what's a Princesses like you do all day, eh? A lot of spinning wheels and witches treatin' you like crap?
You guys got real optimistic literature there.
Don't eat those eggs! We don't know what kinda bird they turn into! But there's a string cheese or something in the fridge in the back. Help yourself.
Alright, after she eats, I'd better close up. (STRETCHES, YAWNS) C'mon, pal.
That's really stuck there good.
(SMALL SMILE, SIGHS) I can't be mad at her no more.
Goodnight, moon.
Goodnight, broom. Good night jukebox that won't play a tune.
Goodnight eggs. Goodnight dregs. Goodnight bugs crawlin' up my legs. Goodnight beer. Goodnight mice. Goodnight Princess who treats me nice. Yeah.
Well, well, look who's up. Princess, I'm gonna do something for you I've never done for anyone in this bar: call you a cab.
Do you mind ridin' on a cute little scooter with your arms around my waist?
(LIFTS INDEX FINGER) To the scooter store!
I did not think this through.
Ah, some nice bedtime readin'.
Fun premise.
I'm laughing already.
Really not cheerin' me up here, but uh, let me offer you the only literature in this bar. Sure works for me though.
This coaster.
Well, I guess you'll pine forever for a man who doesn't care, while I just grow old here in this bar.
What's the matter, Homer? Somebody leave a lumpa coal in your stocking? You've been sitting there sucking on a beer all day long.
So it's Christmas!
Ahh, I don't know. He's tough to catch. He keeps changing his name.
No, sorry.
I don't think you're ever going to get another job and be able to pay me back.
Don't worry, we're still friends.
What's the matter, Homer? Bloodiest fight of the year, and you're sittin' there like a thirsty bump on a log.
Eddie.
Want some pretzels?
That'll be two bucks, boys. Just kidding!
Yeah! Moe's Tavern. Moe speaking.
Who?
Hold on. (CALLS OUT) Uh..Jacques Strap! Hey, guys, I'm looking for a Jacques Strap!
What -- oh! Wait a minute -- Jacques Strap? It's you, isn't it? You cowardly little runt. When I get hold of you I am gonna gut you like a fish and drink your blood.
Okay, come on, come on everybody. We've got to get on with our lives. Let's try and put this tragedy behind us.
Ohhhh. (BEGINS SOBBING)
What's the matter, Homer? Hottest Ladies Night in months and you're not even checking out the action.
This one?
Phone call for Al. Al Koholic. Is there an Al Koholic here?
Wait a minute... (GRABBING PHONE) Listen, you little yellow-belly rat jackass, if I ever find out who you are, I'll kill ya! (HANGS UP)
Is everything okay, Homer? Usually you have a quick one, some peanuts, a hunka beef jerky, a couple pickled eggs and you're outta here.
Hey, you can level with me. You got a domestic situation?
Homer?
Marge is right. You are a pig. You can ask anyone in this bar.
See? You're a pig. Barney's a pig. Larry's a pig. We're all pigs. Except for one difference. Once in a while, we can crawl out of the slop, hose ourselves off, and act like human beings. Homer, buy your wife some flowers and take her out for a night on the town. Candles, tablecloth, the whole nine yards.
I'm not done. (LEANS IN) After dinner, the two of you are going to check into the fanciest motel in town, and not check out until the next morning. If you get my drift.
(NODS) Sorry, Barney.
I wish the government would get off his back.
Come on, Homer. We're dyin' of curiosity.
C'mom, Homer.
What a saga.
Tell it again, Homer.
I don't know. They just do.
Oh, look at that show-off... kissing his own muscles. (YELLING) Boo!
Eh, you're better off. Rich people aren't happy. From the day they're born, to the day they die, they think they're happy but, trust me... they ain't.
And it's not even Ladies Night.
Okay, everybody! For the next fifteen minutes, one third off on every pitcher... one per customer... domestic beer only... hey, no sharing!
Hello, Moe's Tavern -- birthplace of the Rob Roy.
Just a sec. (CALLING OUT TO ROOM) Hey, is there a Butts here? Seymour Butts? Hey, everybody. I wanna Seymour Butts!
Oh, wait a minute. Listen, you little scum-sucking pus-bucket. When I get my hands on you, I'm gonna pull out your eyeballs with a corkscrew.
Please, not in public.
Well, it was either cable or the mechanical bull.
I made my choice and I stand by it.
(BEAT) Just a minute, let me check. (TO THE BAR) Homer Sexual. Come on, come on. One of you guys must be Homer Sexual!
Oh, sorry Principal Skinner. It must be a bad connection. (TO HOMER) It's for you. I think Bart's in trouble again.
Lighten up, Homer. You're making Happy Hour bitterly ironic.
Don't worry, Barney. Time heals all wounds.
